5/11/26, 5:20 PM Therap :: Individual Plan

to recognize dangerous situations/areas, oxygen therapy, etc. When she is
feeling tired from community participation, she needs the use of her wheelchair
and needs frequent rest breaks. When Mary Bet is dining out, staff would need to
ensure that she follows her dietary meal plan. When she is presented with
several options of community activities, she will verbalize her choice of different
activities and return back home to rest, perform personal hygiene, or choose
other leisure activities. When making purchases, she needs staff assistance to
count money for correct change in return. Sometimes, she tends to kiss and hug
random individuals, so staff have to redirect her displaying inappropriate social
behaviors.

ADLs & Household Chores: Previously, she was able to perform certain ADLs
related to personal hygiene and grooming and certain household chores such as
sorting laundry and removing dirty dishes from the table. Now, she needs total
assistance from staff due to her worsening hand tremors, poor body balance,
and decreasing cognitive ability. When showering and/or toileting, its important
for Mary Bet to use the safety equipment such as the shower bench/chair, grab
bars, raised toilet seat and staffs hand for balance. When she is dressing and/or
undressing, staff must be within an arm's reach to help for balance. In performing
oral hygiene, staff must assist with the cleansing of her dentures and lower
bridge to prevent choking. Again, all performance of ADLs and household chores
requires total staff assistance. She cannot perform these activities alone
regardless of the circumstances.

When prompted from staff, Mary Bet will attempt to perform certain household
chores such as sorting out laundry but however she needs staff assistance with
coordinating colors to match and ensure the clothing are appropriate for the
weather. Again, Mary Bet needs assistance with all household chores such as
laundry, cleaning her room, dusting, and vacuuming, etc.. She requires both
verbal and physical prompts to complete certain activities. Mary Bet often gets
confused when doing her laundry. She needs help with separating her clothes by
the colors. Mary Bet had an OT evaluation completed and plans developed for
Home Exercise, Oral Hygiene and Showering/Shower Transfers. All plans are
located in the Training Specifics book.

Physical Therapy Services: Prior, an assessment for PT services occurred in
April 2022 and on-going services were recommended. When PT services were
provided, it had addressed limitations with ambulation outside her home by
addressing gait training utilizing a gait belt and assistive device to allow
increased confidence with ambulation and balance skills. PT also provided staff
instructions and training.

Enabling Technology & Medical Equipment: Mary Bet depends on several
different safety devices such as cordless bed sensor pads and a cordless floor
mat to alert staff for prevention of a fall or any other potential injures. When new
hearing aids are purchased, then staff have to remind Mary Bet to properly use
the hearing aids daily. She also uses a 5 L oxygen concentrator that was

https://secure. therapservices.net/ma/ip/plan?formid=OISP-DIDDTN-PBA4WELDTLGC&backType=1 &backLink=%2fih%2fplans%3findividualld%3d10... 3/28
