5/11/26, 5:20 PM Therap :: Individual Plan

to invade her personal space. It is important to Mary Bet that she is able to rest
and relax in her home. It is very important to Mary Bet that she be able to spend
time talking to others, going shopping, and going out to eat.

Community: Mary Bet enjoys being involved in her community and having the
opportunity to interact with others is very important to Mary Bet. In the past,
Mary Bet enjoyed going to the Discovery Center and playing with the children.
Mary Bet does like to go out-even if she just wants to go for a ride and to get
some tea. Sometimes Mary Bet is very tired and would like to be at home.
Mary Bet is sometimes tired and wants to come home or take a nap. Mary Bet
must be able to relax when she needs to.

When the seasons change, Mary Bet may be lethargic and not want to do much.

How to Supports in the Home: Mary Bet currently lives in a single-family home located
Support Me in LaVergne TN. She has one male housemates, who she has lived with for
Best many years. They get along very well. Mary Bet's home contain modifications that
easily adapt living spaces to meets her safety needs such as holding bars
located in the bathrooms and wheel-chair accessible ramps at the entrance/exit
doors. In the event of a life-threatening situation occurring in the home, she will
be unable to recognize any dangerous situations/areas. Therefore, she would
need total assistance to seek safety from a dangerous situation. She needs
continuous prompting from staff to remind to use her hearing aids correctly and
to place them in a safe place. She also uses a 2 L oxygen concentrator when as
needed that was prescribed by her licensed physician. Therefore, staff must be
properly trained to make adjustments under the discretion of her licensed
physician. During Mary Bet's bedtime, staff must perform routine bed checks
must be conducted at 12:00 A.M., 4:00 A.M., & 7:00 A.M. every night to ensure
that the flow of oxygen is operating at the correct level prescribed and ensure
she is not experiencing difficulty breathing and to change her soiled briefs when
needed.

As result of her age and balance problems, Mary Bet is experiencing more
difficulty with walking without falling. According to the physical therapist, she has
an unsteady gait that become worse on uneven surfaces or when surfaces
change in texture and/or height. "She does not pick up her feet during gait
patterns but mildly slides them on the floor. She also requires hand held
assistance or close stand by assistance with ambulation in the home. Significant
limitations with ambulation and balance skills when ambulating outside the home
contributing to difficulty with her vision and ability to discern terrain changes."
Staff have witnessed a decline in Mary Bet's physical mobility and has had an
increase in falls. Mary Bet's vision is rapidly declining which pose a greater fall
risk. Therefore, it is important for staff have a line of sight of Mary Bet to assess
for fall prevention.

Supports in the Community: Mary Bet receives community participation and
intermittent wrap around services. Similar to the support in the home, she shares
the support needs in the community such assistance with ambulation, assistance

https://secure.therapservices.net/ma/ip/plan?formld=OISP-DIDDTN-PBA4WELDTLGC&backType=1 &backLink=%2fih%2fplans%3findividualld%3d10...

a

2/28
