5/11/26, 5:20 PM Therap :: Individual Plan
prescribed by her licensed physician. Therefore, staff must perform routine bed
checks must be conducted at 12:00 A.M., 4:00 A.M., & 7:00 A.M. every night to
ensure that the flow of oxygen is operating at the correct level prescribed.

Clinical Nutrition Services: Mary Bet was referred to nutritional services due to
PKU, GERD, constipation, and high cholesterol. Mary Bet's regularity and
symptoms of GERD continues to improve. Although, she continues to use
Phlexy-10, 5x per day, she continues to remain slightly under the recommended
weight range of 110-137 lbs. As a result of the diagnosis of PKU, she would
benefit from nutrition services to decrease risk of GERD complications and
decrease cardiac risks associated with high cholesterol. RD also needs to train
new staff on Mary Bet's specific diet plan. The 2026 nutrition plan of care is in
the process of being signed and will be provided to the ISC,

Speech Therapy Services: Mary Bet was referred to speech therapy services to
include assisting with activities to facilitate safe eating strategies, auditory
comprehension of language and hearing aid usage and care. During the current
service period, she lost her dental partial plate. The therapist modified Mary Bet's
mealtime plan to include ground diet texture. As a result of Mary Bet's hand
tremors growing worse, the mealtime plan was modified to include total
assistance to ensure that she is maintaining her body weight. Mary Bet shown
improvement in following one step instructions. Mary Bet's short term memory
deficit requires staff to repeat instructions. SLP provides services at home, via
teletherapy, and in the community.

Behavior Analyst Services: COS agreed to the discontinuation of behavioral
analysis services because of her worsening cognitive impairment and previous
positive progress with the services. She may display negative behaviors such as
throwing personal items and display minor physical acts of aggression towards
staff, but staff has been trained to redirect her from these behaviors from the
previous BSP.

History of Hospitalizations: In October 2024, Mary Bet had twisted her ankle
and was hospitalize for a UTI and Pneumonia. In September 2024, she was
diagnosed with two UTIs. She was prescribed Macrobid 100mg daily x 14 days.
She had a follow-up appointment with her PCP and received a specialty referral
to a Urologist for further examination and treatment.

Previous Employment: Previously, Mary Bet had maintain employment working
at a beauty outlet store. Now, she does not wants to obtain employment and she
is exempt from the EIC process due to her age.

Consumer Direction: Mary Bet and the COS discussed Consumer Direction of
services, Mary Bet and conservator decided that Mary Bet does not want to
consumer direct services at this time. They understand they can change their
minds at any time.

https://secure.therapservices.net/ma/ip/plan?formld=OISP-DIDDTN-PBA4WELDTLGC&backType=1 &backLink=%2fih%2fplans%3findividualld%3d10... 4/28
